everybody welcoming the language binding
once again to earth plus we're doing
challenges some of them are going okay
some of them are not going okay I don't
know why I'm talking in the voice that
that woman uses on orange is the new
black girl so look it's the fun wheel so
what was it again marry with me and
Christopher get out of here um okay well
what's the game plan
curse I believe is the challenge where
every room hurts you
which actually strikes me with young
heart and child's heart is not being
that bad it does strike me as also being
like an off okay amazing sure even
though it doesn't do anything for us it
does also strike me as being like
impossible for us to I guess you should
try to minimize the amount of doors we
go through like in terms of backtracking
even but it also strikes me as making it
nearly impossible to get deals with the
devil but considering we're starting
with six HP young heart an okay trinket
which we're not going to replace here we
should be fine I in fact I don't see any
cause for alarm whatsoever now getting
active items is not really on my to-do
list right now but apart from that this
doesn't seem that difficult all things
considered just make sure you're using
young heart at every you know available
opportunity don't take too much damage
from the bosses from any enemies if
possible and you know go into the boss
room and out as many times as you want I
guess there is a bonus to be had there
watch out you can't be taking damage
against the widow taking damage against
the widow is like opening up your day by
like almost getting into a traffic
accident even if there's no consequences
for almost getting into an accident just
puts you all geez it puts you in a funk
doesn't it look at us being all funky
right now you want to set the tone
properly did we succeed in that and
unnecessarily however most of my
surprise and much to the game's chagrin
and possibly some of the audience's
we're going to get for spirit hearts
here but to actually give us a great
chance get a deal with the devil and I
would say without being overly cocky
because again we have squandered a
couple of challenges thus far but
without being overly cocky if we're able
to get a good - great deal with the
devil item we basically win we're
starting with so much HP now the sin
herbs the flipside although we would
have been hurt on the way out anyway I
guess the flipside is that it's so good
but yama heart is like compulsory right
now um allow me to continue the flipside
is that if we get overly aggressive with
the deal with the devil we might be in a
tight spot when it comes to our HP but
it's going to have to be like three
items for sale otherwise it's almost
unfathomable that we could accidentally
sell ourselves into a bad position but
we have taken some damage I'm not very
pleased with early on here and a half
red hearts goes into a whole heck of a
lot for us blighted ovum should be fine
Wow never mind
blighted ovum might be a touch difficult
here but on the bright side we should be
able to get through this a okay
hopefully is my game plan please slow
down
you move too fast you got to make the
good things last
spirit arts enjoy them while they last
polydactyl plus two of diamonds unlikely
to ever be worth much dude I don't know
I think a same might be like the keys to
the kingdom on this one I hadn't even
thought about this but items that do
things when we get hit seems like not a
bad option I don't know what do you
think about curse rooms that they're not
really by the way if Fame sucks I
thought that we would carry the the
circle of protection or a circle of
danger into the next room not the case
I think curse rooms without being able
to leave through secret rooms are not
worth it because basically if possible I
would like to minimize my odds or number
of moves where I have to go through the
same door twice I want to basically
imagine that I'm playing Fadel dungeon
rescuing for those of you who didn't
watch that let's look at well consider
yourself lucky because I played like a
hot garbage in it but excuse me the door
is open because I took too long to kill
the enemies that's an insult I'm going
to you know I'm going to do anything to
take advantage of that and leave because
I'm a savvy individual we that was a
game of which you can't
it's like snake you can't touch your own
tail I mean it snake if you touch your
own tail you die infidel you just can't
do it to begin with so key please key
please as a penny not a key we could try
to gamble a little bit
the gamble worked which almost makes me
matter because all I had was a bad one
though all I'm trying to do is create a
deal with the devil essentially and
we're not quite I think going to be able
to do it here so you know what take
another stab at it it actually continues
to work much to my surprise
I'd love some luck so I could actually
get some consumables like I don't want
to walk back to the item room here I
probably will oh now we've done it I
probably will now that we have no real
reason not to and we have that key back
enough stuff but yeah we probably want
to avoid doing this long serves okay I'm
just going to catch myself in the middle
of making a stupid mistake
try not to cheese the item rooms have
been like predominantly pretty trash try
not to walk through too many rooms that
you have already gone through I know
that this time we've made a mistake here
we sacrifice essentially two and a heart
to make it happen but we're hard
programmed in Isaac to think that it's a
good idea to always go to item rooms you
may have overvalued there but dude I'm
losing my mind that we're still at three
point five damage no offensive orbitals
you know there's still there's still
goodness in this world but we're red
default damage default speed default BPS
we've got a same with you I mean not
doing anything for us but in theory
could I still like our odds here if we
can up our luck stat make a Thames pop
for us pick up some actual consumables
and pick them up in a timely fashion
rather than having to walk back for them
I'd be a happy camper please jump
perfect time for that jump just ask Tom
Petty
wait Van Halen yeah Tom Petty is free
fallin van Halen sang jump bad damage on
my part but I think it was smart to not
rush in there and take extra damage just
trying to make a Fame work
and in 20 or 30 years people be dead and
we'll be living the highlights
hidden them sly for the cenotes as they
said in camp blows magnum opus Luchini a
bit of a risky situation there dude I
need you to stop jumping because every
jump I have to like run the trajectory
of these two eyeballs through my
freaking you know mental function again
here to try to figure out if we're going
to be okay dude to do a just bounce spin
that record baby get it to do pretty
easy song to remember most of the lyrics
for alright so we're kind of we're below
equilibrium right now in terms of like
the damage that we're taking versus the
HP that we're receiving so we got to be
very very careful on the other hand I'm
as excited as I've ever been for our
ability to actually like shoot enemies
effectively and every time we get a half
spirit heart or half red heart I should
say that means this room is free to go
to in fact it's more than free because
we're going to get a 1/4 of a heart out
of young heart as well just for going
into the room assuming it's a regular
sized room still poor damage but we're
working on it
we got a key which means we can go to
the item room on time we're actually
going to get bombs for like the second
time ever on this run if I could also
get you because I hate to do it because
it's like tedious but if you could also
shoot some bombs my way like that Lenny
Kravitz song just so we could okay well
you know I'll just be an ass I guess is
the alternative we're going to play some
bombs we're going to open the stone
chest because I value the stone chest we
got a bomb out of it so I consider that
worthwhile and we'll try to just keep
moving here
save our other bomb if possible for a
tinted rock or you know damage against
an enemy or something like that get out
of here to a diamonds has done nothing
for us but the lovers card is majestic
now honestly like it's so not worth it
but sure I will walk on the spikes to
get poppy ladoo clicks never say your
boy NL doesn't make sacrifices being a
little facetious - of diamonds by the
way is is functionally worth exactly
zero percent right now but I'm starting
to feel the pressure a little bit the
lovers card I'm gonna save for like
last-ditch scenario if we can slash have
two big rooms are actually a blessing
for us because we take half damage on
the way in is better unlocks on the
decent - this is this is a non-trivial
challenge a fun challenge but a
non-trivial one I do wonder if like you
could accidentally find yourself unable
to ever beat the nuts ever but I think
there might be runs for which the curse
challenge is actually mathematically
impossible to beat like what if you have
a big floor
there's not many big rooms and you you
just never get red hearts either due to
having like a negative one lock stat or
you know for whatever reason I know you
still have yama heart but it doesn't
seem like that much is what I'm trying
to get at it essentially if you just hit
a bad run of like 20 rooms in a row
without a red heart you might be you
might be out of luck even if you take
zero damage against enemies it's
probably pretty unlikely but I think the
chance is a theoretical possibility at
least but anyway hopefully we won't have
to worry about that I mean we're only
we're only like one floor oh that hurts
two floors away from success here excuse
me excuse me though thank you and we
still have this lovers card kind of like
buffing us here so the hollow is the
perfect enemy to take damage against and
try to create a demon heart we didn't
get one but we did speed up the boss
fight immensely we got a free red heart
container and a small bit of extra
damage not a ton but enough to keep us
going here and as always I kind of uh
I apologize as much as is necessary for
the fact that it's a commentary focus
run but this is like a commentary focus
challenge right now or wait game focus
might be the way to describe it you know
it's not easy to be e me
that's five for fighting screw Larry
kill the pg-13 rated version of the game
including intercourse and murder five
for fighting Ben Folds Five and English
boyband five most famous for the songs
baby when the lights go out yeah every
single no you don't remember five dude
they were huge back in the day hurt me
please thank you thank you always making
jim cramer style mad money and look at
this finally a good use for our bombs
that door might already be open like we
might have no need to open it ourselves
but thank Dustin we don't ever need to
open it ourselves we are lucky we saved
a bomb and we might actually be able to
buy something in our shop for once even
shielded tears I don't think we fire
fast enough for that to be great right
now dude it's actually an okay smelt
oh you go PhD no doubt also gave us like
full HP yeah I'm not stoked about
shielded tears because our rate of fire
is bad enough that we if we encounter
enemies that shoot at us it's going to
be kind of annoying to have half of our
shots be destroyed by them but it is
what it is I don't think it's a bad
pickup I mean I had the choice to not
pick it up and I chose to pick it up
that you know there's some kind of
logical fallacy and assuming that that
means it's automatically good I suppose
but at the same time how bad could it be
we've got an outside chance of a deal
with the devil here even but to be
honest with you we're one floor away
from beating the challenge here never
seeing it again so what's my ideal
outcome dude let me fight war right now
and then how are you not doing any
damage to each other let me fight war
let me get a cube of meat and then just
let me walk into every enemy on the next
floor you might say it turns this run
like a little skill list but I very much
disagree I just think you know we've
already kind of slightly proved
ourselves on this run not to toot our
own horn but you know our first few item
rooms we're not actually just bad they
were actively deleterious if we had
taken any of those items we probably
would be we would be dead already
this is not war and in fact it is an
extremely annoying enemy but I can just
get him to live in the fire there might
be a little bit happier I also want to
save my bombs because if we can get oh
that's it if we can get two bombs two
bombs is enough oh that was so dumb two
bombs is enough to open up a secret room
and then get into an item room with its
adjacent but we got HP and we got a
chance to get more HP when we get hurt
so really at this point we're probably
like a hundred percent invested in this
potentially suboptimal strategy to just
walk into enemies and I think we're like
good to go at this point crack dice is
like totally fine I actually think I'm
going to go to my item room because I
can that might have been a poor play
there but we should be fine now
especially a tack fly is an orbital it's
not keeping me but it's an orbital so
just get the lovers card ready in case
things go terribly terribly wrong but
walking into enemies trying to get demon
hearts if we don't get demon hearts
that's fine old bandage you know the
dream is that that'll pay out eventually
if it doesn't pay out a same might pay
out if that doesn't pay out well then we
can start to be a little cheesed I guess
but it looks good
oh dude why not all right let's go to
town so a same is not going to be worth
too much against mom's foot but old
bandage could still do some damage well
never mind the ax same damage is
actually like our single greatest damage
dealing source next to maybe the attack
fly but I mean the extra is demon our
potentials not worth much dude easy
enough this is a quick one
grab this what do we got in here I mean
we're not going to do it but the virus
would have been a nice touch that was
actually surprisingly easy and the
credit card is well worth it even if I
do tend to misuse it so let's go down to
our next thing when life gives you
lemons this is our all lemon items right
number one it's just lemon party and
lemon mishap actually my net this is
like a more traditional run so just like
be focused here this allows us to use
lemon mishap once per room no reason to
use it there obviously yeah this I mean
this is a good start if we had this
start as Isaac or Evie Dan I should say
we would be like hey you know what cool
run what I have said this is exactly the
same as the life gives you lemons run
probably not because I did life gives
you lemons once for 20 minutes in 2014 I
don't know why it sounds like it's a
harrowing drug story but you know that
it's been purged from my mental cue
since then I don't remember absolutely
everything that's happened to me unless
it's related to a movie that came out
between the
1996 and 2004 in which case I remember
it all so vividly and I wish I could
purge it okay what do we got
experimental treatment worse luck but
much better damage Oh worse HP as well
but I'm going to say that this is a
pretty big get for us and the fact that
this one only goes to Mom's heart is
like or sorry only goes to mom's foot
even is kind of surprising to me because
it's a fairly easy challenge all things
considered starting with three HP and a
good spacebar item plus a bunch of like
augments for that it's not a good space
bar item but it says it's made good by
the fact that you know we have all these
augment ORS going along with it health
upgrade doesn't or not it looks like
we're going to be set here more or less
and I recognize that my cockiness might
get me into trouble but let's uh you
know put that theory of the test right
there throws out feet da ha News people
are always asking you know what's your
favorite Disney song everyone always a
whole new world a part of your world
just can't wait to be king circle alike
can't you feel the love tonight you'll
be in my heart by Phil Collins that's a
dangling special right there but the
real answer duel of the fates from Star
Wars Episode one you might say how is
that Disney that's Lucasfilm sorry to
tell you
Disney owns the rights to the Lucasfilm
catalog now and as a result duel of the
fates is technically the correct answer
I was trying to technically find the
most pedantic theme that I could in fact
if you want it if you want to use that
anecdote with your friends to make them
angry at you and make you a little bit
less don't say duel of the faith because
you might have to explain that that's
the song from when Darth Maul fights
obi-wan and qui-gon jinn in Episode one
instead just say Star Wars theme you
could even say cantina theme if you want
Dunston Dunston Bennett Sam
okay you're even getting goat head
unlike all of these I'm going to take
goat head because it's good but I'm not
going to take book of sin because I
don't like it that much dude I've been
getting so many emails with emojis in
the title recently it's driving me crazy
not because I dislike emojis but because
I dread I know what you're doing you're
trying to make your emails stand out
more by putting emojis in them doordash
sends me these emails with emojis it
says like a hot new restaurants in
Vancouver I don't need that emoji for
that I'm never going to click on it on
fish tail can be good here I'm not
trying to be needlessly petty I feel
like everybody you know nobody's a huge
fan of emojis necessarily except for
like you know everybody's mom I use
emojis from time to time just because I
find them ironic I guess nitronic use of
emojis I know something something the
emoji movies look I'm not jacksFilms
okay take that stuff over to Jack's
films channel youtube.com slash Northern
Line make sure to click Subscribe what
was I going to say I was going to say
don't put emojis in the email this is my
work email mom no it's my work email
door - I don't need fire emoji hot new
restaurants in Vancouver I'm aware of
what the word hot is okay embarrassing
to me got another one that says would
you be interested in reviewing games for
the Nintendo switch has got smiley face
emojis in the in the subject line I
wouldn't say I'm interested because
Nintendo you know they're jerks about it
sometimes but yeah if you got like
review copies you'd love to send over
that's fine but I don't understand why
we got to bring emojis into this I was
fine you know just using the English
language and other various Unicode based
characters but at the same time it's
just I I just worry that maybe a month
from now I'm going to look at my email
inbox and it's just going to be like sad
face emoji your requests
for blah-blahs been declined then like
bomb emoji peach emoji eggplant moisture
etc etc that's right I know how
Millennials talk come on come on listen
to Millennials oh there is a deal with
the devil down there I almost missed it
come on let me hear Millennials talk
that's money talk by ac/dc you will know
it it's not soft for Millennials it's a
song for badass em efforts like yours
truly in the packs wait it's the pack
not the packs the packs is an item in
Isaac well this run is like set I'm
actually I feel like self-conscious and
if I'm being honest maybe even like a
mild bit of embarrassment that I'm doing
this run I'm not saying it's beneath me
but it's almost like it's like being a
team in the NHL and having a game
against the 2016-2017 Vancouver Canucks
it's like okay I mean it's on the
schedule it's got to be done or Gary
Bettman is going to find us but like you
want to just resign right now because
like unless Bo Horvat pops off a
hat-trick you guys stand no chance
it goes ee for the draft lottery
unfortunately all this is like the same
episode which honestly it is fine by me
I like a thing I don't like that we have
-1 luck but the odds is that having an
impact one way or the other are probably
pretty low right now
so every roles everything on the ground
we should take blood of the martyr very
good damage upgrade in this case
actually we roll everything else we
don't even need the golden key it was
fine
if you're sick of challenges by the way
I for one I feel you some of them are a
little bit too easy some of them are a
little too hard than some of them are
just kind of like artificially weird
what I would encourage you to do is just
relax a little bit take a long form
approach the situation if you hate the
challenges there's only a month of them
and once they're done they're done if
you love the challenges this is a high
concentration to challenges you're
either you know you're getting a full
month of them in one spurt hear the word
I don't like using the did use in this
situation but either way forgot what I
was going to say moldy bread is pretty
solid though but yeah you know that no
one's getting a better or worse deal
there's going to be a static number of
challenges what I'm I supposed trying to
get at here
you could this is the like already
probably the longest fight against the
hollow I've ever had for the hollow
fight to last more than 45 seconds is
like a serious problem grab dark bum and
then get the heck out of Dodge we got
two floors left to go and it's crazy but
it's going to be a little bit on the
short side as far as the video goes
despite having two challenges in it I
mean it's not it might not even be a
month of challenges now I think about it
obviously there's some we have to redo
but hey come this way please oh you're
burning me up inside I will absolutely
take Bob's brain I'm like Zane starved
right now and I'm not talking about Zayn
Malik of everybody's favorite boy band
One Direction okay although I am starved
of him as well Harry Styles nice
dramatic turn in the 2017 Christopher
Nolan film Dunkirk I haven't seen it I
will see it at some point probably it'll
take me a while and I do mean a while
but it will happen at some point I'm
looking forward to October go to the
multiplex see Thor Ragnarok if it's not
garbage I'm inclined I would really like
Taika Waititi I know that sounds like if
you're not familiar with the man's name
you're like surely there must have been
some kind of mistake no not true
what we did in the shadows hunt for the
wilderness
the Thor movies don't have a great track
record I get they're going in a
different direction but anyway I don't
know how many Isaac episodes I can do
where I talk about Thor specifically so
we should probably tone it down a little
bit and see Dunkirk it's been a lot of
good movies of summer though I still
haven't seen a Wonder Woman yet I really
thought I was going to be able to get in
there they got a controversial opinion
make less good movies make more junk
dude no one gets mad at you when you
haven't seen junk they just go hey nice
nice job avoiding the junk and I say
thank you and then they say what's
you're going to do with all that junk
all that junk inside that trunk and I
say will.i.am get out of here that's
harassment I'm trying to go down a size
right now you're making me feel very
self-conscious
alright so easy orbital we played like
trash on this floor but we're also going
to finish the entire challenge within
like 12 minutes so I don't think we have
too much bounce to complain hey look
it's the pack get it I'm going to try to
add like a little bit of risk into this
by taking every single item despite the
fact that it's really just artificially
introducing a level of danger that is
completely unnecessary but hey dude
artificial is artificially introducing a
level of danger where there is none is
my middle name and boy dude I got to
tell you it makes it hard to fill out
forms on the Internet
you think zendaya from the spider-man
film you may know it it's called
spider-man ever has problems with online
forms like what if you don't have a last
name and I know the obvious answer
because they're always they always go
last name required we know whenever you
you order something I know you're gonna
say she has a last name okay but hear me
out what if she doesn't what if her name
is just zendaya not Zenyatta a different
situation they're equally talented
though in the right hands that came
across a little awkward I'm a mercy main
anyway that's I don't play
we're about to win despite the fact that
I sort of tried to lose let's go it's
the easiest money ever made you know
what dude yeah gimme Guppies caller
give me the seven seals I think I'm
gonna leave uh um
whoo okay a little bit of a brain fart
there but easy wins dude thanks for
watching if you enjoyed the episode if
you did click the like button how's that
a great deal of course subscribe if you
want to see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time